---
author: Pwnocchio
comments: true
date: 2008-09-08 06:09:50+00:00
layout: post
slug: welcome
title: Welcome!
wordpress_id: 839
categories:
- Maintenance
- News
tags:
- new site
- smooth few films
- spam
- web zeroes
- website
---

This is the new Smooth Few Films home base. Still a work in progress, and you'll see some new things added in the next few days.

As you can see, there have been lots of changes to the site, though for those of you who are familiar with it, it should feel like home in no time. All of your log-ins should still work just fine, and the forums are in-tact as well. If for some reason you find an issue or problem with the new site, [just let us know](http://smoothfewfilms.com/about/contact/).

A couple of quick notes:




	
  * You must register to comment. Spam was getting kind of out of control on the previous site towards the end of the season, and we need to kind of cut some of that down as we move forward, since traffic will be back to normal once we're releasing videos again.

	
  * To get a picture next to your name, go sign up at [Gravatar](http://en.gravatar.com/site/signup). Super-easy, and it helps give you an identity now that you've registered.



Web Zeroes should be out within a day or so. It's been finished for a bit, we just decided we wanted to wait until our new site was done before we rolled it out. Kind of a grand opening, if you will.

Also, be sure to thank Nick and Jeff who did such a good job constructing this whole thing and putting it together while I have played Castle Crashers and Halo 3. They are kind of awesome. The dudes, not the games, but the games too.
