---
author: Pwnocchio
comments: true
date: 2010-01-20 05:38:53+00:00
layout: post
slug: closing-in-2
title: Closing In
wordpress_id: 2495
categories:
- Gaming News
- Machinima News
- News
- Web Zeroes
tags:
- borderlands
- dragon age dlc trailer
- mass effect 2
- web zeroes
---

Sorry we haven't been updating much. Quite frankly, there's not much to say. We're on a much needed break right now and we've sworn off everything but fun things until Season 2 of Web Zeroes starts back up. Which is next week. Craziness, really. 

In the meantime, I've been anticipating Mass Effect 2 something fierce while enjoying Borderlands, Left 4 Dead 2 and Modern Warfare 2. Seriously, Mass Effect 2 might derail Web Zeroes in at least some small way, seeing as how all of us are completely obsessed with it. If we end up delaying the show, you can blame Bioware.

Speaking of Bioware, I saw this hilarious [Dragon Age DLC machinima video](http://gamersushi.com/2010/01/19/fake-dragon-age-dlc-trailer-is-hilarious/) that highlights some things people have done in the mod community. Looking forward to more of what people do with that game. Who knows, maybe I'll try my own hand at the toolset.



I'd also like to thank you guys for all of your votes for the Streamys. It really means a lot to us. Hopefully we can get our silly show nominated for something. Next week we plan to start posting some photos from what's going on with Season 2 of Web Zeroes, and hopefully some other content. If nothing else, expect some cool changes and more regular posts to start very soon.

EDIT: It seems that Game Informer is reporting that [Half-Life 2 Episode 3 won't be out in 2010](http://gamersushi.com/2010/01/20/rumor-no-half-life-2-episode-3-in-2010/). Ouch.
